source/UserManual/StaffOnly/programcreation.rst, before:

Creating a Program
==================

This tutorial will teach you how to create a program within the MyMCA system.

1. Log into your account and click the "Create Program" link at the top of the application.

.. image:: img/programcreation1.png

2. Fill in all the necessary information about the program.  Keep in mind the following when creating the program:

- All fields will need to be filled in.
- Cost represents the standard non-member cost for the program.  This cost will be halved for members.
- The Start Date of the program is required to be before the End Date.
- More Occurrences can be added by using the "+" button.  Only add as many Occurrences as needed.

3. When all information is filled in properly, click the "Submit" button.

.. image:: img/programcreation2.png

4. You will be redirected to the Programs page, and you will be able to see the program you created.

.. image:: img/programcreation3.png

Please keep in mind that programs cannot be changed after they are created.  If you would like to delete a program from the MyMCA system, please contact your senior Staff for assistance.

Commit message:

Updated docs with editing/deactivation (src)
- Added a page for Staff on editing programs
- Added a page for Staff on deactivating programs
- Updated a few outdated images

source/UserManual/StaffOnly/programcreation.rst, after:

Creating a Program
==================

This tutorial will teach you how to create a program within the MyMCA system.

1. Log into your account and click the "Create Program" link at the top of the application.

.. image:: img/programcreation1.png

2. Fill in all the necessary information about the program.  Keep in mind the following when creating the program:

- All fields will need to be filled in.
- Cost represents the standard non-member cost for the program.  This cost will be halved for members.
- The Start Date of the program is required to be before the End Date.
- More Occurrences can be added by using the "+" button and removed using the "-" button.  Only add as many Occurrences as needed.

3. When all information is filled in properly, click the "Submit" button.

.. image:: img/programcreation2.png

4. You will be redirected to the Programs page, and you will be able to see the program you created.

.. image:: img/programcreation3.png

If you would like to edit a program after it has been created, see :doc:`editprogram`.
