source/UserManual/enrollmentviewing.rst, before:

Viewing your Enrollments
========================

After you have signed up for programs, you will be able to see them from within the MyMCA application.  If you have not yet signed up for a program, see :doc:`program`. Continue reading for instructions on how to see your current program enrollments.

1. If you have not done so already, sign into your account using your login information.  See :doc:`accountcreation` and :doc:`login` for more details.

2. At the top of the application, click the "Enrollments" link.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing1.png

3. You will be greeted with a list of your current program enrollments.  You can see when they are offered, how much you are paying per session, and how many spots you currently have reserved.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing2.png

You can also search for a specific enrollment by entering the name of the program in the search bar and clicking the "Search" button.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing3.png

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing4.png

If you would like to clear your search, simply click the "Clear" button.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing5.png

If you would like to cancel one or more of your current enrollments, please contact a Staff member and they will assist you.

Commit message:

More various doc updates (src)
- Integrated the "Setting Up Database" section of the Developer Documentation into the MyMCA Installation section
    - Instructions now point to the database and the script in the /main branch instead of the /init-db-model branch
- The /db directory is now mentioned in Publishing Steps
- More images updated in the User Manual section to reflect the current visuals of the program
- A couple wording changes were made to the User Manual:
    - "Viewing Your Enrollments" mentions that enrollments for the same program under different names will appear separately
    - "Submit" button changed to "Save" button in Creating a Program and Editing a Program
    - "Edit..." button changed to "pencil icon" in Editing a Program and Deactivating a Program
    - "Deactivating a Program" will now specify that only Staff will see the deactivated program on the Programs page

source/UserManual/enrollmentviewing.rst, after:

Viewing your Enrollments
========================

After you have signed up for programs, you will be able to see them from within the MyMCA application.  If you have not yet signed up for a program, see :doc:`program`. Continue reading for instructions on how to see your current program enrollments.

1. If you have not done so already, sign into your account using your login information.  See :doc:`accountcreation` and :doc:`login` for more details.

2. At the top of the application, click the "Enrollments" link.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing1.png

3. You will be greeted with a list of your current program enrollments.  You can see when they are offered, how much you are paying per session, and how many spots you currently have reserved.  If you have multiple enrollments per program, they will appear separately under the name they are registered to.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing2.png

You can also search for a specific enrollment by entering the name of the program in the search bar and clicking the "Search" button.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing3.png

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing4.png

If you would like to clear your search, simply click the "Clear" button.

.. image:: img/enrollmentviewing5.png

If you would like to cancel one or more of your current enrollments, please contact a Staff member and they will assist you.
